the first book of the chronicles the
family of Adam Seth to Abraham Adam Seth
Enosh Kenan Mahalalel Jared Enoch
Methuselah Lamech Noah Shem ham and
Japheth the sons of Japheth were Gomer
Magog may die
Javan tubal Meshach and Tyrus the sons
of Goma were Ashkenazi die faith and to
God the sons of jayven were Elijah Tasha
kitten and reddening the sons of ham
were cush Mizraim put and Canaan
the sons of cush were Seba Havilah
Saboteur Rama and SAP tikka the sons of
Rama were sheba and dedan cush begat
Nimrod he began to be a mighty one on
the earth misra 'm begat udimm animum
lehayim
Naf to him path through sim Cass knew
him from whom came the Philistines and
the cafetorium Canaan begat Sidon his
firstborn and half the Jebusite the
amorite and the girgashite a highlight
the our kite and the silent the arvid
it-- the zemerik and the hey methought
the sons of Shem were elam ashur
Arphaxad lewd Arum as al-kifah and
michig Arphaxad begat Sheila
and Sheila begat Eber
- Eber were born two sons the name of
one was Peleg for in his days the earth
was divided and his brother's name was
Joktan Joktan forgot L Moda Sheila is
amethyst Kira hadarom Usul tickler evil
AB Emile Sheba / Avila and jobab all
these were the sons of joktan Shem
Arphaxad Sheila Eber P leg Ryu sirak
navel
Kira and Abram
who is Abraham the sons of Abraham were
Isaac and Ishmael these are their
genealogies
the firstborn of Ishmael was in the
Bajor then Kida add beer nipson mishima
Duma masa hey Dad
tima Jeter nefesh and Kadima these were
the sons of Ishmael now the sons born to
Keturah abraham's concubine was imran
jokshan Medan Midian Fischbach
and sure the sons of joktan
were shiva and didn't
the sons of Midian were Aoife yfir Enoch
Abijah and elder all these were the
children of keturah and Abraham begat
Isaac
the sons of Isaac were Esau and Israel
the sons of Esau were Elif as rural
geesh J Elam and Cora and the sons of
elephants were teaming OMA z5k Tom and
kinas and by Timna Amalek the sons of
rural when a hath zero shaman and Missa
the sons of seir we're Lotan show bal
zibeon inna dyshawn isa and deshaun and
the sons of Lotan were awry and home at
Lowton sister was timur
the sons of Shobo were alien mana hath
evil chief eye and owner the sons of
zibeon were Ajay and Amon the son of
aina was dyson the sons of dyson were
hammer and ash man Ephraim and Kira the
sons of either were bill Han
ze'ev Anne and Jared the sons of daishan
were as and Aaron now these were the
kings who reigned in the land of Edom
before a king reigned over the children
of Israel Fela the son of Pele and the
name of his city was dinner bird and
when Bella died jobab the son of Zira
of Basra reigned in his place when jobab
died Hugh sham of the land of the Timur
Knights reigned in his place and when
Hugh Shan died hey Dad the son of bedad
who attacked Midian in the field of Moab
reigned in his place the name of his
city was a vehicle when Haida died Sam
'la of moussaka reigned in his place and
whence amoled eyed soul of Rehoboth by
the river reigned in his place when Saul
died bale Haman the son of aqua reigned
in his place
amber impale hainan died hey Dad
reigned in his place and the name of his
city was pea his wife's name was mijita
Bell the daughter of matron the daughter
of Meza had a dad died Wilson and the
Chiefs of edom were chief Timna chief
awliya chief chief air chief our holy
Baima chief ela chief peanin chief kinas
chief teman chief mitt sir chief mag DL
and chief either these were the Chiefs
of Eden